so hello everyone i would like to tell
you about kiwi and stealing your money
impudent sawn and do not bathe at all
it means my wallet is blocked 2 4 10
it was a year ago now we have 13
August 14 and what can I say
chalk purse was about 23 thousand rubles
22 900 so not important when
I received money for a basic wallet
its mega blocked i went to bed not
money came not
morning naturally wallet
blocked go ahead
I am writing a letter to fms both as ivi.ru 2 4 10
the answer came only 28 10 13
didn't write to unlock you
must provide copies of the following
passport documents and contract with
mobile operator and send it
film in response naturally i did it
Of course it is for him many very
a lot of time after that I sent everything
then did not come exactly such an answer
that they would not accept e
mail they need to send by regular mail
but to which I naturally did not agree
you know, but my God, okay , I have time
no to be honest to go to the post office and
there
I know I write a letter, I think I will do it
legs not
soon all the same once went
by mail and by the way I literally forgot the address
what letter to send them there
Internet was not at hand I was calling
Kiev grief, tell the address where to us
send a letter they say no no
let's say it would have been sent to you personally
but in general, everything is clear cut money
beasts
Now we go in my wallet you see
513 2276 34
I'll show you my own now
Hello, I can not go into the wallet 913
20 8 processions 4 so that you understand that I
neuron that is, here it is, the answer did not come then
there is the same wallet see you
did not think that another wallet of some kind
did it on the market and actually look
last operation I did
in general was in the 13th year of the tenth month
I'll show you the tenth month principle
There are 24 numbers if up blocked
wallet well, everything is clear and not wallet
was blocked
I don’t know for a very long time I don’t
I went that is, you know, yes, wallet
blocked kiwi has no rights to it
just take it and unlock it so
suddenly, that is, it is blocked by all of its
nobody touches
money nobody can transfer 2013
10th year 10th month to 4th year
however for some reason I am just today
today what August 13th today 13
August, I just, well, for fun let's say
so decided to set a password and he
recovered he recovered password but
you look see operations for 14
year
I did not do these operations
do you understand that the wallet is the last
a letter that they do not unlock anything
they will not unlock anything
however, the wallet is unlocked and there is no money
we have what it's called it's called
theft kiwi stealing money because
no one else could do it
they already answered me that most likely 3
individuals accessed your computer
and most likely malicious software
adobe software I mean leaked
somehow to your computer and your
kiwi wallet steal the scammers then they
have written
you sleep you speak now i will show
Well, it became a letter that is what
the money did not disappear and they answered me
Kiwi Bank has reason to believe that
your wallet
third parties have access and see what
they actually write excite
criminal case from apologize for mate
I have to write for 30 days
Letters do you imagine I was waiting
unlocking your wallet
about a year they unblocked it
stole money and still ask for a month
write a letter in the company of kiwi work
real pigs i hope that
the prosecutor's office will somehow notice
I already wrote this video
Moscow prosecutor's office and I hope there
all checked because it does not matter
no business guys i think someone out there from
security service prose that wallet
no one will install the whole
a year has passed and so calmly on these numbers
brought out
money remember three numbers how would they
not available one tube does not take more
I repeat my wallet
could steal even imagine if
someone got a commune couch sometimes he
was blocked
why did you unblock why did he do all this
time was in blocking that you from
don't need to touch him
I give you nothing documents in the mail
did not send as you requested i sent you
only by email but by letter i
I did not send you anything I demand
reimbursement of your own funds
my wallet can write me a mail
dear movie this video I have not deleted
until you reimburse another means and
Generally did not delete it so that other people
have seen what works there from the line like
they behave their consumers and
to use the system
although you may be some part
people from say it because
useless blocked me one more
cough justify immediately unblocked
see there can not get grandma
I steal here please that is this
present disgust, I advise everyone to write
to the prosecutor's office
that is, you can read on the Internet
reviews and kiwi and everyone will understand all the luck
I hope that justice
pig triumph of technical support ki
rather, the security service will receive
merit on it all bye bye
I lived according to the law of thieves and it was
baby wheel from league he dick thieves
freedom
there in heaven to the gods so that with q & a on 1 and
but boxes precipitate there walks hurricanes
particularly aims doped flame
eggs are long heaven to the gods so that the son of
boxes precipitate there walk hurricanes and
especially appreciated
languages ragged flame